---
title:  Crack it
date:   2015-11-3 10:00:00
description: Tips for you when things get messy
---
I was pretty freaked out this afternoon, having all those things messed up——true or not, al least that's what I believe, wandering on the street, thinking how wrong I have been. 

Then I went back to my lab and write the whole deap loop down: things get messy -> I wanna have a walk -> can't help thinking negative -> things get messy...

Somehow an idea came to me, that for the whole time, the occation I get things done is when I delicate myself to something, yet when my mind hanged around, I messed things up.

Realizing what my problem really is, that I'm distracted, I started doing one simple thing, roting vocabulary. After that, I did little bit reading, and it worked out. I started feeling things get more handy and life is easier.

So I really want to write those tips down about hwo to handle situation like this, based on my experience of life getting out of control for nearly 5 years.

* Learn tiny new things. It's actually very easy when you just start learning somethings new. Force yourself to spend one tomato (25 mins) on a tiny new thing, a new language, a new HUMAN language, a new subject or whatever and you'll feel like achieving something already, which makes your life feels under control.  

* Write your problems down and figure them out. Having tons of work and they mess up with one anther? Writing your problems down makes it tangible what's going on right now. Make a list with the solution beside each row and do it ONE IN A TIME;
 
* Don't be perfect. Admit it, there's always something that you can't do and you have to choose what's best for you and give up another. 

Here's 3 tips I can offer for you and of course myself. 