---
title:  I'm so screwed up
date:   2015-11-3 10:00:00
description: The price of freedom is high
categories: blahblah

---
I've recently become a fan of a YouTube channel called China Uncensor. I doubted Transparent Computing, a lot, which is help by our school dean. I have achieved nothing in my academic life. I got no one to write recommendation for me and I'm planing on study abroad? I'm totally screwed up. 

The price of freedom is high. Now I see what it really means. Now I know it's not yet the time that I pay for freedom, but the time that I sacrifise freedom for something. 

Freedom means nothing for those who are not highly motivated, those never delicate their life to anything, those who seek benifit without preparing to sacrifise any. Freedom is a trap for them. It raises chaos. Only when you truly understand it, control it, is freedom valuable. 

>Freedom isn't about doing what you want, it's about not doing what you don't want.

In economy area, there's a term called resource curse, describling those countries that are rich in nature resources, in tropical areas in paticular, are cursed by their rich resources, which stops them from further developing after a fast economy growth. The idea behind this is simple. Their money is too easy to earn that they'll never figure out another way to make money. People don't want to sacrifice for long-term interests. They get used to freedom, to easy money, that they are not ready to sacrifice it. 

That is also true when it comes to every individual. Once you get used to doing things in a easy way, you will never want to try it another way.

So if you are doing something easy, that probably means you're doing it wrong.

It took me exact 6 years to realize that I was so wrong. I want big yet have done small. Therefore, I really should start wanting and doing small, before I really can make big. 